---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

### Open Source is Not About You

Rich's take on open source projects is one that I wholeheartedly agree with. You should not feel as though you are entitled to anything, no matter who you are, and you are not. If you are not happy with something, then that should be your responsibility to fix and manage that. Furthermore, if you do not agree with the project, then simply do not involve yourself with it. It is not the creator nor the team's duty to accommodate to your needs. Whether you are a user or a contributor, then you are a part of the open source community. Thus, you can choose to change whatever issues you may have with a project or you can chooose not to do anything at all. However, it is important to remember that *you are not entitled to anything* in any open source project. Although I am not familiar with Clojure, I do stand by the insights and opinions that Rich has written about in this article.

### Potential Wikipedia Edits

After reading the articles about editing Wikipedia pages, I learned a lot about how the Wikipedia community and how I can contribute to an article. I am still a little unsure on how to do some things. For example, I searched for some articles that I believe I confidently edit and contribute to. I finally decided to edit the Wikipedia of my old high school – [Loma Linda Academy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loma_Linda_Academy). I noticed a lot of the information needed updating, additional information, or had information that would just unnecessary and was not relevant to the page. However, when I looked at [Talk:Loma Linda Academy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:Loma_Linda_Academy), I was slightly lost and confused. From my understanding and what I had read, the *Talk* page is where members and potential contributors of the article can communicate with one another. Although, as I read through the page, I was unsure of where or which section I could write in. I suppose it could be within the the *Original Research* section as it seems like that is where the general basis of information is recorded, but it is still unclear. I decided to play around with the editing tools (Wikitext and VisualEditor), and although I have not committed to making any changes, I did make some edits just to see how it works. From my experience, I personally like working with VisualEditor best. As I am still learning how to contribute to Wikipedia and its articles, I am looking forward to being a part of the community.

### The Chronicles of freeCodeCamp

As mentioned in the last blog post, I came up with a vague guidline of how I wanted to contribute to freeCodeCamp. However, I do not think I did enough research before creating my plan. First and foremost, I forgot a very crucial step in the guideline (one that I also forgot to include). While I did fork the project's repository to our class's organization, I did not locally install freeCodeCamp on my laptop. Thanks to my teammates, Jared and Erick, they informed me that I did have to do this and provided me with useful information on how to do so. I followed the steps on how to install the project locally, and it was smooth sailing until I reached the section where I run freeCodeCamp on my machine. I was advised to install prerequisites such as Decker. So, I installed it but as I continued I ran into multiple errors. Instead of using Decker, I just decided to use the Local Build instead. Currently, I am still waiting for the project to completely install. The installation of dependencies have taken well over an hour, but as they continue to install, I have been reading through the current issues. As I scroll through each issue, I realize that I am fairly new to the open source community, so I choose to look for the label "first timers welcome." There was [one issue](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/38312) where I quickly became invested in. At first I was not sure of what code tags were, so I decided to do some research. At the moment, I am currently trying to learn and figure out how I could work and resolve this issue. I will continue to update my blog if I am able to complete this issue. Otherwise, I still believe I can work on my original guideline. I have also added new prospects where I believe is more achievable.

#### Project Plan:

* [&#9745;]Forked freeCodeCamp repository into class organization
* [IP] Install freeCodeCamp on my machine
* [IP]Explore the freeCodeCamp webpage
* [IP]Explore the repository
  * Documentation
  * Issues
  * Pull Requests
  * Code (What/which code does what?)
* [X]Edit documentation (typos, grammaratical errors, etc.)
* [X]Learning JavaScript – provided by freeCodeCamp's [YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkZNo7MFNFg)
* [X]Plan/Create a blueprint/template for what I want to contribute to the website
* [X]Begin programming
* [X]Create an issue to discuss with the community
  * What to do if not accepted?
  * Cooperate and coordinate so all is in agreement
* [X]Contribute to freeCodeCamp

### Other Contributions

Outside of the course, I have edited a [classmate's blog](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/Megamega53-weekly/pull/8). Also as mentioned previously, I am reading more on freeCodeCamp. I am trying to figure out ways in which I can contribute to the project. I am also trying to learn all aspects of HTML. I think the contributions I would like to do incorporate HTML, and while I know some of it, I want to be completely fluent in it.
