---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

## Projects I Have Looked at:
1. Font Awesome
2. Inkscape
3. Animate.css
4. Flutter
5. Bootsrap

## Most Promising Projects

### 1. Flutter
Flutter allows you to create UIs for a number of things such as the web, iOS, and Android. I found this to be the most interesting because I ultimately would love to design and create UIs as my career. I believe I can learn from this project as well as contribute to it. From my observation, I have noticed that the members are quick to reply and are very helpful. However, there are a lot of issues. The project includes all of the important documents (README, CODE_OF_CONDUCT, CONTRIBUTING, and LICENSE).

### 2. Bootstrap
Boostrap intrigued me because it allows you to create a UI only using CSS and HTML, which are the languages I enjoy the most. It also uses JavaScript, but only when needed. There are a total of 1,108 contributors with their latest commit that happened 22 hours ago. The first thing I check for is the important documents. Bootstrap had all but one – the CONTRIBUTING document. However, once I clicked through their website, I was able to find the CONTRIBUTING guidlines.



## Eliminated Projects

### 1. Animate.css
I was incredibly interested with this project because it modifies HTML documentation using CSS. There were a total of 96 contributors. When I was checking the issues, I appreciated the members being resourceful and kind. This project was actually my favorite, but as I checked for all of the documents, I noticed that not all of them were there. The documents they had were: README, CODE_OF_CONDUCT, and LICENSE. The CONTRIBUTING document was not there.


The reason I eliminated Animate.css was because it did not have a CONTRIBUTING file. I would prefer to have all of the significant documents there.

## Candidates

### 1. Font Awesome
I find this project to be interesting because it is an open-source toolkit that provides icons in many forms. The project is sourced on GitHub, which I find to be the most convenient because it is the platform I am most comfortable with. It is based on CSS and LESS; I am currently learning CSS, so I find this to be a good guide for me.
This project includes all of the important documents such as the README, CONTRIBUTING, CODE_OF_CONDUCT, and LICENSE. However,  I did have some concerns. One being that there were not that many contributors (a total of 6). There were also a lot of unresolved issues; many were marked with *waiting for feedback*.

### 2. Inkscape
Inkscape is a great open source project that I have looked at. We were assigned to look at this project in the previous class, so I looked into it more. It includes all of the important documents, whether it be on the website or on Git. However, the last commit was two years ago (March 11, 2018). The project is also hosted on GitLab, which I am not too familiar with. It seems as though it is similar to GitHub, so it should not be too difficult to navigate, but I would prefer for it to be on a platform that I am comfortable with. 

### Contributions Made Outside of Class
One contribution that I have made outside of class was that as I was looking into projects, I have been reading into the issues of each project (the ones listed above). I am still learning, but I believe it is a step in the right direction in relation to open source projects. I have also started learning how to use Gimp. Lastly, I made an issue as well as edited a blog owned by a fellow classmate.
