---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

### Project Evaluation Activity Feedback
The project evaluation was a great way to learn about a new open source project with new teammates. My teammates, Chris and Jared, were great to work with. Since we were unable to complete the project evaluation in class, we had to complete it at home. We created a group message to communicate, and both Jared and Chris were communative and quick to respond. However, we did run into some issues. 

First off, I noticed that we were working in the wrong template. We were supposed to have made a new branch and copy the template into that new branch. But we did not realize that we were working off the master branch until after we finished the questions. Chris tried to fix the issue, but there were some complications. Initially, he was unable to create a new branch using the ``` git checkout -b freecodecamp ``` command. He was able to figure it out, but when he submitted the pull request, it was done incorrectly. So the process of working through Git on a local machine was difficult. This was definitely the toughest task of the project. Only having one person in charge of forking it and making the changes was a little frustrating, mainly because we were only able to work together via text so there was some miscommunication. Other than those small issues, we were able to manage.

The questions itself were not hard. FreeCodeCamp had a lot of resources that helped us get our answers. By doing this project evaluation, I learned that freeCodeCamp was a valuable open source project that I would be interested in participating in.
**These are some of the things I learned:**
* freeCodeCamp is a fairly small project in comparison to other projects.
* It is maintained well; issues and pull requests are resolved quickly.
* The community is extremely welcoming and friendly. 
  * Maintainers thank people for their contributions and even congratulate those who make their *very first* contribution.
  * First timers are welcomed. 
I am most definitely interested in freeCodeCamp. It has some flaws (that are possibly easy to fix), but it is overall a great project that is resourceful to those who are interested in learning how to code.

### First Choice Project
From the projects currently listed on wiki, I would say that my first choice would be Vscode. I have been using this software for a while, so I am interested to learn how it was developed. According to the team that evaluated it, it seems as though it is a very well maintained and active project. Issues and pull requests are dealt with in a decent amount of time, the community is friendly, and the documentation is somewhat clear.

### Top 3 Project Preferences
1. Vscode
2. freeCodeCamp
3. Inkscape

### Other Contributions
I made three contributions outside of Open Source. All three of these contributions were through OpenStreetMap – I added the  [Loma Linda Filipino SDA Church in Redlands, CA](https://www.openstreetmap.org/way/765230737) and [Rite Aid in Loma Linda, CA](https://www.openstreetmap.org/way/403354396). I also deleted Yogurtlicious in Loma Linda, CA.
