---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

## Vicky Brasseur's Talk

Before last Tuesday's class, I decided to do some research on Vicky Brasseur. I had found her [website](https://www.vmbrasseur.com/about/) as well as her [Twitter](https://twitter.com/vmbrasseur?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor) (which I decided to follow because she has great content). After reading about Vicky and scrolling through her Twitter, I was really looking forward to her presentation. I was right – Vicky did not disappoint. She began on speaking about expanding the knowledge of FOSS to others who may not be too familiar with it, but we must start with ourselves by using: **Applicability, Usability, Inlclusivity, and Humility**. She brought up fair AND realistic points, such as enforcing a *No Asshole Policy* – "those who refuse to learn to play nicely with others." Having a code of conduct is important, but those who refuse to follow it should not be tolerated as it can hurt the project. She was very clear that she does not tolerate any immature behavior, such as when she provided her opinion on Slack vs. IRC. Another point that caught my attention was when she spoke about accepting others. Open source is free for just about anyone to use and contribute to, so we must take into consideration how everyone has had different experiences and can possibly have different levels of expertise than others. I learned a lot from Vicky's talk, and I can say that without a doubt she has been my favorite guest speaker thus far. She was very honest and did not hold back from what she wanted to say. I am even considering purchasing [her book](https://www.amazon.com/VM-%2528Vicky%2529-Brasseur/e/B07FKWNYZQ%3Fref=dbs_a_mng_rwt_scns_share) to read during this quarantine!

## 2019 Novel Coronavirus COVID-19 (2019-nCoV) Data Repository by Johns Hopkins CSSE

This repository is a useful resource during this time of need. It provides data regarding the current situation of the coronavirus; however, my question is: *how accurate is it?* I went through a good handful of issues within the repository and noticed that most of them state the inaccuracy of the data. For a project like this, I personally believe that it is extremely important for the data to be as accurate as possible as many may rely on it. If I had time, I would definitely contribute to this project. I would just need to make sure that the information I have is correct.

## Code.gov


