---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

## Tom Callaway's *Musings on business models for open source software*

I found Tom Callaway's article to be very informative. I was unaware of the different models businesses use to incorporate any form of open source. In all honesty, I was introduced to open source only when I began taking this course, so I did not know how others outside of this course used it. Callaway explains that "open core" is used by many companies due to the fact that it sells proprietary software as their main product in addition to their core codebase which is open source. However, he explains that the most successful company is Red Hat, which also happens to be the company he works for, but they do not use open core. Callaway explains why Red Hat is so successful – they accomodate to their customers as well as their open source community. They genuinely care about their customers and their community that they want to deliver the very best content to them. He states, "The open source model allows for us to leverage a development pool far beyond what we can staff in house, incorporate the improvements of the participants in that community, and **deliver offerings to our customers that put them entirely in control."** I completely agree with their tactic. Personally, it seems as though they really care about their customers, which is valid because they are esentially the ones who contribute to their work. They are the ones who use their product.

## Would you want to work in a company that only produced open source software?

Yes, if I was offered a position to work in a company that only produced open source software, then I would definitely take it. I like the idea of a project to be available for just about anyone to access it. I have learned from being in this class that one should not be scared or nervous to contribute to an open source project. I like the idea that each individual may be at a different level than you and may have different skills and talents. I personally believe that I could learn as I work if I were to work at a company that solely produced open source software.

## Election fraud: Is there an open source solution?

