---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

### Gil Yehuda's Talk

When I learned that Gil Yehuda was going to be a guest speaker in our class, I decided to do some research on him. I found his [Quora](https://www.quora.com/profile/Gil-Yehuda) page to be was incredibly resourceful – it is filled of tons of questions that he has answered. Gil is the senior director of technology strategy and open source for Verizon. I found Gil's talk to be extremely informative, especially when it came to his interview advice. What I found most valuable was when he said to speak about an open source project that the company you are interviewing for is involved in. Something that I found relatively comforting was when he spoke about *imposter syndrome*. He claims that everyone in the field has it, yet we are unaware because many are good at masking it. 

### Covid19 – Folding@home

I found this article to be very educational. I was actually a pre-med (biology) major before I made the switch to computer science, so I really enjoyed reading and learning from Folding@home. It is true that there are so many hidden information, such as chemicals, within a protein. I think their idea of creating a simulation to capture the motion of a protein and displaying a linear line of the acids is a great idea. It is s step forward to finding a solution to the coronavirus. I decided to download their software to help contribute to their project. I am excited to see their progress, especially if it can help with such a large cause that is affecting the world.

### The Chronicles of freeCodeCamp

Our team has finally made our first couple of pull requests! 

Erick made a pull request a few days ago where he corrected some typos and cleaned up a few grammatical errors so that it had a more natural tone to it. He notified us on Friday (April 17) that it was finally accepted and merged!



while Jared and I worked on 
