---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

### *Why to Report Bugs* Response

This article was extremely insightful. The author speaks about the importance of reporting bugs or issues. In the author's scenario, he created his own project (Higgs) and recieved amazing feedback. However, he overlooked a significant issue all because he made an assumption; he believed that just because he made his project portable, then it would work on any other machine (such as MacOS). Thus, he did not even test that theory. Eventually a user who was working on a MacOS ran into this very issue, where the project was experiencing a segmentation fault. There were three reasons as to why a user may not report a bug, and I have experienced each of them. _**(1)** They assume that someone else has already reported the problem, and there would be no point in saying anything. **(2)** They think the fault might be on their end, they may be confused and feel too embarrassed to reach out for help. **(3)** They are just trying your project out of curiosity, and are in no way invested. They will find an alternative to your project, or go do something else._ Since I have started taking Open Source, I have obviously been working with open source projects. I am still new to this field, so often I am too afraid to say something. After reading this article, I have gained more confidence to report bugs. Reporting bugs can help the project as well as myself.

### Investigating Wikipedia Pages

Personally, I found that editing Wikipedia articles to be fairly simple. It could be that I chose an easy article to edit (my old high school), so I did not run into any issues. I corrected the names of the current principles as well as updated them in the infobox. All I had to do was click the edit button at the top of the page and directly edit from there. After making the edits, I was able to see my history and the edits I had made. Within each edit I was able to see the differences from before and after my edit, which I really liked. Overall, my first Wikipedia edit went smoothly. I look forward to contributing more by editing other articles. I fully intend on editing more complex articles, such as inserting photos, links, etc. in which I will work my way up to.

### Kevin Fleming's Visit

Kevin's talk was fairly informative. I enjoyed what he had to say about working at Bloomberg and his experience there. I have heard of Bloomberg a handful of times prior to Kevin's visit, but I did not really know what the company did. So Kevin was able to clear that up for me. I learned the contributions they made (which were a lot), the languages and platforms they use, the importance of meeting their goals. However, I found most interesting and unexpected was the fact that Kevin does very little coding. He stated that he only did a small percentage of coding within his job, but he does help others who do code. I would have thought that he coded more, so it was fascinating to learn that he didn't. Bloomberg is a evidently a large and well-known company, so it was great having someone who has been working there for years come in and speak about it.

### The Chronicles of freeCodeCamp

This past week, my group and I *finally* made the transition from communicating on Facebook to [Slack.](https://app.slack.com/client/T010KQL8Q6L/C010KQLAN80) We were able to get in touch with Troy and discuss the issues we are working and going to work on. I have decided that I am going to create a *Tagalog* (Filipino) translation for the freeCodeCamp documention. I am currently working on that at the moment (**started on 3/28**), and should hopefully be done with it by the end of this upcoming week. In addition, I still continue to look for typos in all of the documentation. Although, I have not seen any typos or punctuation errors so far. I believe that since this is a well maintained project and is constantly being updated, there are very little typos. 

Once I am done writing the *Tagalog* version of the freeCodeCamp documentation, then I will look at the issues and attempt to work on it. I have been monitoring the *first timers welcome* issues and have been reading the responses posted within those issues and how they go about resolving them.

#### Project Plan:

* [&#9745;]Forked freeCodeCamp repository into class organization
* [&#9745;] Install freeCodeCamp on my machine
* [&#9745;]Explore the freeCodeCamp webpage
* [&#9745;]Explore the repository
  * Documentation
  * Issues
  * Pull Requests
  * Code (What/which code does what?)
* [IP]Edit documentation (typos, grammaratical errors, etc.)
* [IP]Plan/Create a blueprint/template for what I want to contribute to the website
* [IP]Begin writing a Tagalog translation of freeCodeCamp's documentation
* [X]Create an issue to discuss with the community
  * What to do if not accepted?
  * Cooperate and coordinate so all is in agreement
* [X]Contribute to freeCodeCamp

### Other Contributions

I added [Loma Linda Korean SDA Church](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/82796171) in Redlands, CA as it was just newly built. I also added [Panda Express](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/82796187#map=19/34.06266/-117.22212) in Redlands, CA since it was not on the map.
