---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

### How This Pandemic Impacted Me

The first time I heard of the Coronavirus, I was in traveling within Europe. My friends and I were at the airport waiting for our flight to Paris when our friend who live in France texted us and told us about the virus. We looked it up and grew nervous of the fact that Paris was the epicenter of coronavirus. We decided we would still go and be very cautious. However, we did not think much of it while we were there and did not believe it would be anything too serious. After the trip was over, I did not hear about the virus until weeks later. My family and I were going to travel to Asia on March 27th, but by the end of February the virus had already reached different parts of the world – especially in Asia. My parents were worried and contemplated on cancelling the whole trip, but my siblings and I were hesitant. We thought the virus would not last too long and we should not let that get in the way of a trip we had been planning for months. We were mistaken.

Over the next few weeks, the virus quickly spread. It was the second week of March and thing were changing drastically. The coronavirus had spread to the United States, something that I did not think would happen. We cancelled our trip to Asia, schools in the city were starting to close, and people were starting to worry. Private NYC colleges were canceling classes, while CUNY and SUNY schools were not. The students of CUNY and SUNY were starting to panic, especially when a student from John Jay tested positive. I was also sick during the time, so I was scared I may have contracted it (thankfully I didn't). By Wednesday, the school finally came to a descision and decided to move classes to distance learning. I believe this was a smart choice as most of the students who attend CUNYs are commuters. By the end of the week, things had escalated quickly. President Trump had declared a state of the emergency. Once he did so, I recieved a phone call from my parents in which they told me that they bought me a plane ticket back to LA. I didn't think I would be returning back home so quickly, but it was definitely the right decision. I flew back to California three days after the school shut down. I have been spending all of my time at home (*obviously*) with my family, trying to catch up on school work, and ultimately just trying to keep myself busy. 

It is difficult for me to focus on school work when I am not in a different environment other than my home. I personally do not like online learning; I am more of a visual, "in-person" learner. Not only that, but I am overwhelmed with how everything is progressing, such as how everything is shut down. I have never experienced anything like this, and the uncertainty of it all evidently worries me as we do not know how long this could last. However, I am trying my best to adapt to this situation and am thankful I can even continue my classes. Our health and well-being is most important, so these precautions are necessary.

#### Distance Learning

So far, I am still trying to figure out how some of my classes are going to continue. All of my professors have emailed us on how they plan to continue to the course, but they as well are still trying to figure things out for themselves. Most of my classes will be taught on our own time. Meaning, we have to read the material on our own time through Blackboard. I find this to be slightly difficult because it is easy for me to get off track. Personally, I find this class (*Open Source*) to be the best course in terms of proceeding with the rest of the semester. I get more out of meeting in real time.

### How This Situation Will be in Four Weeks

There is not a day that has gone by where I have not thought about how long this would last. According to what I have read, the nation has not even reached its peak yet. New York and California has been estimated to reach its peak in 40-45 days. So I believe that situation would have escalated even more. There will be many more cases, and sadly, possibly even many more deaths. Hopefully the nation will find a way to supply more ventilators and will be able to provide more temporary hospitals. But the groccery stores will most likely still be wiped out – especially the water and the toilet paper. Restaraunts, gyms, movie theaters, etc will most likely still be shut down.

### How This Situation Will be in Eight Weeks

I believe that in eight weeks, things will slowly start to get better. The country will possibly would have already reached its peak. According to the news, this pandemic is set to last for 10-12 weeks. Thus, hopefully things have begun to settle down and the curve has flattened. After seeing the news that so many temporary hospitals in China have closed, I have hope that within eight weeks, the same will happen for the US.

### The Chronicles of freeCodeCamp

During this past week, I have been going through issues and pull requests. So far, I have been trying to learn and understand how others have contributed by creating issues and pull requests and how others respond to it. I know everyone is different and their thought processes are different, but I would like to know how most of the processes are handled. I have also been looking going through each file in the repository and have been looking for any errors or typos. For instance, I noticed that in the [bootcamps.json file](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/master/api-server/public/json/bootcamps.json), it states that App Academy is only in San Francisco, but on the App Academy site there is a [New York City location](https://www.appacademy.io/immersive/course?location=new-york-city).

In addition to looking for any grammatical or spelling errors, I am also considering adding on a codebase documentation in another language – Tagalog. According to their [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#contribute-to-this-open-source-codebase), anyone is free to translate their codebase documentation in any language. So I thought to myself since I am fluent in Tagalog, then I could possibly add to their [documentations of other languages](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/tree/master/docs/i18n-languages).

As a team, we are currently looking for issues and pull requests we can work on together.

#### Project Plan:

* [&#9745;]Forked freeCodeCamp repository into class organization
* [&#9745;] Install freeCodeCamp on my machine
* [&#9745;]Explore the freeCodeCamp webpage
* [&#9745;]Explore the repository
  * Documentation
  * Issues
  * Pull Requests
  * Code (What/which code does what?)
* [IP]Edit documentation (typos, grammaratical errors, etc.)
* [X]Plan/Create a blueprint/template for what I want to contribute to the website
* [X]Begin programming
* [X]Create an issue to discuss with the community
  * What to do if not accepted?
  * Cooperate and coordinate so all is in agreement
* [X]Contribute to freeCodeCamp

### Other Contributions

I deleted a [clothing store](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/82494594) in Redlands, CA because it is no longer there. I added [Banned Skate Shop](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/82494659) in Redlands, CA because it relocated. In addition, I am also learning JavaScript.
