---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

Since attending each class, and doing our first and most recent activity, I have realized what Open Source consists of. It has made me think of ways I can contribute to an open source project, such as: **1.** providing my insight and input on the project, **2.** finding errors within the project, **3.** finding ways to improve the project, **4.** trying to understand others' concepts and code to explain to newer members and users.

### FOSS Benefits to My Skills
FOSS can benefit me and my skills in a number of ways. It can improve my communication immensely. I have learned that Open Source projects require a lot of communication between members of the project. For example, the Firefox extension activity was evidently my first Open Source project. I am usually not one to speak, so it was difficult to provide any input, especially when I was unfamiliar with our specific project. Thus, FOSS will encourage me to work on my communication skills. FOSS can also benefit me by learning other programming languages. I hope that by the end of this course, I will have a better understanding of how others' think through their code and ideas as well as learning, and even improving, my knowledge of languages. There are various skills that FOSS can benefit me with, but these are the most signifcant ones.

### FOSS Benefits to My Career
FOSS can be extremely beneficial to my career due to the fact that employers could potentially view these Open Source projects. In a way, these projects are like our portfolios. They could view our contributions and see our level of performance.

### FOSS Benefits to My Personal Network
Evidently, working with multiple people in open source projects is, in a way, networking within itself. I could potentially be working with people who have good connections which could lead to a job.
