---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

### What skills do I have that would be useful for contributing to a FOSS project?
Some skills that I have that would be useful for contributing to a FOSS project are:
* I am good at identifying misspellings and grammar errors. 
  * Therefore, I can find and correct any grammatical errors within a FOSS project.
* I like improvement, so I am always looking to make something better.
  * Therefore, I can find ways to improve a FOSS project because there is always room for improvement.
  * I can find new features that can be added to a FOSS project in order for it to improve.
* I like testing out the project so that I can learn how it works.
  * I can confirm that a project is indeed working, but can also be able to find what is wrong with it from the user's point of view. 
  
### What things are the most interesting to me?
The things I find most interesting are:
* I like to read and find new books.
* I like web development - designing and creating a web page.
* I like editing photos through Photoshop.
* I like to skate, surf and snowboard.
* I enjoy playing/watching basketball and soccer.

### Contributions Made Outside of Class
A contribution I have made to an *open source project* outside of class is that I found an open source project on GitHub that I was interested in and I tested it out through my local machine. I wanted to learn from it and learn how it functioned. I did not manipulate or touch the actual code, but I read through the lines of code and learned what each line did. 
